Full package review for v0.2.0 (#341)
epiverse-trace/epiparameter: vignettes/extract_convert.Rmd

and sdlog parameters for the lognormal distribution. 

In {epiparameter} we provide a range of conversion and extraction functions in
order to obtain distribution parameters from summary statistics and vice versa.

Here we differentiate between conversion and extraction as what can be analytically
converted, as conversions, and those that require optimisation as extraction. 
This vignette aims to describe the functionality of these conversions and 
extractions provided by the {epiparameter} package.

::: {.alert .alert-info}
### Conversion versus extraction

Use conversion when possible over extraction to avoid possible limitations associated with
numerical optimisation used in the extraction function `extract_param()`.
:::

```{r setup}
library(epiparameter)
```

## Conversions

There are two conversion functions in {epiparameter}: `convert_params_to_summary_stats()` and `convert_summary_stats_to_params()`. `convert_params_to_summary_stats()` converts one set of statistical distribution parameters to common summary statistics, and `convert_summary_stats_to_params()` converts summary statistics to a set of parameters.

### Conversion functions

> The conversion functions are generic functions. That means that different types of data can be supplied to the first argument and the correct operation (method) will be executed. Currently {epiparameter} provides conversion methods for `character` and `<epidist>`. If this is unclear, see the examples below for how the conversion functions can work when you supply either a `character` string or an `<epidist>`.

Reviewer: Once again, I think this is too technical for the general audience. All they need to use this function is that they can supply the string of the distribution name or an epidist.

```suggestion
The conversion functions can take two types of inputs as the first argument: a `character` string of the distribution or an `<epidist>` object.
```
